if you want cheap reliable if you're 14
ultimate team coins for all platforms
check out a memo jailing crab in the
description also in the description is a
video proving a legit hey guys this more
than 70 and today i'm bringing you
episode 2 Sanchez's road to glory so
here let's just get straight into this
heading in the game when we come up
against you know a fairly or a opponent
for us i mean he's got paddle and a
couple of other gold players but nothing
too special so yeah it took forever to
break this guy down he's really really
good at defending and yes sanchez just
hits that shot over and then he passes
it out to bent that with his keeper and
I capitalize on his mistake to make that
one nil later on he does the same thing
and I try and pass it to Sanchez and I
win myself a penalty and yeah obviously
I'm gonna take it with Sanchez and once
this decides to go through there we go
straight into the middle that makes a to
nil that's one goal for Sanchez so yeah
that is how that game ended fairly quick
game to nil win but you know we got the
win and Sanchez got his goal and yeah we
need one more win in division 10 and
then we want it so in that game Sanchez
did pick up one goal we want it and
another player scored so that does mean
that we get two thousand coins which is
it's a small amount but you know we're
still winning am I getting points which
is always good so yeah I'll get into me
buying the player right guys so
obviously I've got two thousand coins so
I'm gonna accept the offer I go
obviously I get that gold player so I
don't have to deal with any shit and buy
any more players it sounds confusing but
basically I use that to get the coins
from my other account so yeah I'll just
placed on the transfer list and yeah I'm
gonna buy or next player who is going to
be announced as a generous sorry right
guys most of these players again price
fixed it is really really infuriating so
great oh wait did we actually gave him I
think we got him so I got terrell
hopefully tomorrow or whenever I decide
to get the other players you know
they'll be available and now I'm gonna
have to buy a consumable because the EA
servers have you know not gave me my
player so yeah this is going fun
tastic but yeah as I see there was a
Warren yen arrest and he was going for a
hundred and forty-one thousand coins
it's just beyond a joke i looked at a
few other ones what is up with these
servers man fucks eek i'm buying the
items and they're not giving me them
fucking hell right guys I had to try and
buy contracts to get this fucking Tyrell
guy because the EU service fucked up so
yeah I wasted seven hundred coins which
is fantastic considering that guy cost
1300 so what I'm going to do is put them
quickly into the team then we'll move on
to the next game and hopefully I can get
a hat trick with Sanchez and pack messy
ebrahim Ronaldo in the same park and yet
will be sorted hitting in the game too
he's got a really really bad team which
is fantastic for us I was really
confident going into this game and sure
enough in the third minute Sanchez with
an absolute rocket of a finish into the
left-hand corner of the goal to make it
warned ill and then Sanchez again a
lovely outside the boot finish to make
it to nil and ben de here into Sanchez
who I couldn't believe I managed to pull
that shot off it was absolutely
ridiculous I couldn't believe it went in
what are we to complete his hat-trick it
trickles in the goalkeeper should do
better but that's a hell of a strike
from Sanchez and then the balls played
in a bender here just after halftime and
I loft through wallet for Sanchez as
easy girls so for easiest goals so far
that's four for Sanchez and yeah I cross
it in and it comes out to Henderson who
plays a lovely finish in that is a great
finish great technique there five nil
and yeah I play the ball into Sanchez
yet he was using his ninety one piece he
brings his keeper out and I managed to
get a shot around to keep that to make
it six Neil and that is 54 Sanchez then
Sanchez here with a scoop tune venom
aradhana then a shot the keeper saves it
comes out to tip tip renea and he
manages to put a lovely finish to make
it seven ill and I wasn't done there
Tyrell into Sanchez here Tyrell was a
new signing that I just got by the way
and Sanchez does well there and it comes
out to Tyrell who finishes it off with a
nice finish so he scores on his debut
and then yeah he brings his keeper out
and that is the lucky
save to deny Sanchez's double hattrick
he did school five but yeah mad that is
fantastic they keep our disabled with
this black which denied be an extra Park
which I'm a bit good about but oh well
we've won division 10 now and that also
means we get a hell of a lot of coins
and some packs so sánchez scored five he
assisted worn at other players scored
three and he's reached 10 goals which
means we get to bonus packs on top of
the bonus pack that we get for a
hat-trick to until we get 8,500 points
plus three packs which is absolutely
fantastic yeah i'm just going to use
them to buy a player and then we'll open
the three packs and then we'll get on to
the outro right guys i've sent over the
32 no 31 k i believe because obviously
I've got to open three packs I've forgot
to show that on camera but you've saw
the guy that I accepted anyway and now
I'll go 40 k so I'm going to open these
three seven and a half k-pax obviously I
got two for reaching a ten gold target
with Sanchez and then one because he's
got a hot drink so we skip this and we
get absolute dogshit in this not a great
deal with keeping apart from the
contracts etc but yeah they were that
was an awful part hopefully we can get
better in the next two you know and I my
mother match would be wonderful because
then we could use it later on series to
fund the whole thing really I suppose
but we'll see what happens arsenal
players would be preferable for this
season series and what do we get we get
my con we get a hell of a lot of players
and no consumables is there any arsenal
players there there is not so when she's
going to straight discard that but
that's not bad three thousand coins from
a discard it's pretty good and then yeah
we're just going to open the final pack
and hopefully fingers crossed we get
someone like Santi Cazorla or is so or
something like that and what are we
going to get we get de sanctis and we
also get 1000 coins so overall they
aren't that bad and yell just get into
the outro right guys I'm gonna buy this
Spanish right back yeah that's another
bronze
Claire ticked off that's the mean point
and yet he was getting price fix for
three point seven key so to get him for
two hundred coins is pretty good in my
eyes see I'm just going to stick him in
the club and now we'll move on to see
who we have actually ticked off so this
was at the end of last episode obviously
we had ver Marlin Bendtner but bronze
goalkeeper and Fabianski and now we can
also add Terrell and I don't even know
how to pronounce like named Isabella in
the right back that I've just bought off
the list so we only need two more bronze
players and then we'll move on to silver
then gold and then informs and the three
special cards the mine the matches on
the team of seasoned so yeah hopefully
this goes on for a while all the way up
to FIFA 50 now be incredible if we could
finish it just at the end of FIFA 15 I
haven't said this but i am going to be
uploading this at seven a.m. Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and Friday so
it's five times a week hopefully you do
enjoy that and yeah I really am enjoying
the series let me know any suggestions
in the comments as always and yeah
hopefully I've enjoyed and peace
and then across it